So where are you successful Let's have a look at my solution to gabber.
The first task was to create two new components one manually and to Selye maybe.
So I will start with the first one which I'll trade manually.
I will create a new folder and I will name a warning alert and then there I will create a new file which
will name warning all word dodge component dot.
Following this naming convention I explained.
Now in this typescript file I will export a class which will also name warning alert component.
Again following this convention of being descriptive about what's in it here I will add the component
decorator and as you learned the component decorator needs to be imported.
So we should import component from at angular core like this.
With that import added We need to configure the component so that angular is able to do something with
it.
We absolutely need to add a template and we should also add a selector here so that we are able to use
Now the selectors could simply be app warning alert again to have a unique selector and the template
you could point to a external file or use an inline template for days component.
I will use the inline template though of course you are free to choose the external file and I will
simply but when takes your create a multi-line string when I have a paragraph in which I say this is
a warning.
You are in danger.
Whatever text you like is as my first component for now.
Now I will treat the second component with the Seelye.
So in the terminal I can create a new one by running Engy generate component.
Or as I told you to shortcut Gizzi and all this will be the success alert.
So success alert will be the name.
This will give me success alert folder with all these files.
I don't need the spec for the testing file here so I will remove it and now in this folder here we get
out of the box working types typescript file.
We get a HDMI file as a side note you can ignore this constructor and energy on that thing.
I will come back to this later and here I want to output a number message where I say you are so successful.
Maybe this is my success message.
So with that both components are true you need it.
I also already added their templates to the content of the templates.
Now we should output them beneath each other here in the AB component.
So do it is right below this paragraph.
Maybe add a horizontal line to separate them and then I'll add the app warning alert component and the
app.
Success alert component.
And now if we save this we will get an error.
So now is your chance to anticipate this error and fix it.
But it will show you which error it is in a second.
So I'll save this.
And let's now go to our presumably working application where we.
Oh guess what.
Find an error.
So what's wrong.
Let's have a look at the error message.
Most major error messages are a kind of useful and ular that's a good thing.
And here it says that app warning alert is not a known element.
Isn't that strange because warning alert does select for here.
I can copy it out and I don't have a typo.
If I now paste it in there doesn't look like it had one so it should be known.
Nope forgot one important thing app module.
We have to add it there.
Success alert component was add automatically since we used to Selye but our warning alert component.
Well we have to add it on our own so we should add a warning alert component here and I could use my
ID to auto imported bad for this time.
I will type the import manually so warning Oler component should be imported from.
And now we should point to our warning alert folder and there two warning alert Dotts component file
without datt TSA dnt now with this in place now if you go back to the application now we see this as
a warning.
You are a danger or you are so successful.
And now we can see both components.
So we've finished these tasks here.
Now let's solve them appropriately.
So maybe a little box with a red background for the warning and with green for the success case.
So for the warning alert I'm again going to use inline styles to have everything in line here to show
how this works.
So at my styles irate and in there I'll add back text to be able to write a multi line style and I basically
want to style my paragraph which is the only element I have in here.
So this paragraph now should receive some padding maybe 20 pixels and a background color of let's search
for red or maybe some misty rose or something like that it's like red tagged shoes any color you want
and maybe also let's give it a border of one pixel solid and a solid red color.
If eyes save us we should now see books like a warning alert box looks fine to me.
Now let's copy this for our success box.
But here I'm going to use the external file which is already referenced in the typescript fall here.
So let's add it here let's turn this to some light green maybe green yellow or do we have something
pale green maybe and then use a clear green here for the border.
And now we should see two boxes below it Shavar and one green one red.
Depending on the component with our own style at it.
So with that all tasks are completed this was the first little assignment to play a round of components
and get into how to create how to style and how to work with them.
Let's dive deeper into the basics of angular in the next lectures.